fix: mongo rank step (due to remove_void regression) [TCTC-6370] (#1820)
ToucanToco/weaverbird: server/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog (weaverbird python package)

### Changed

> - Fix[Mongo]: Fix mongo rank step by ignoreing some specific keys that defines it and should be consider as 'None'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix[Mongo]: Ignore in the mongo rank step some specific keys that define it and should be considered as 'None'.
```
